[MUSIC PLAYING]
SPEAKER 1: I often get questions
like, is this piece of gold
better than that one?
And my answer usually is, it
really depends on the context
and you should probably
just try them both,
and measure the impact.
The user timing specification
provides a standardized way
of collecting timing data
and either visualizing it
in DevTools or even
allowing you to send it
to your analytics to gather
real live performance data.
With performance.mark, you
can save a named marker
with a current time stamp.
This allows you to track when
a certain point in your code
was executed.
So for example, I
could save a marker
when my lazy loader
is done loading
all my non-critical styles.
But arguably more important
is performance.measure,
which allows you to measure
the time span between two
of your markers.
This allows you to track the
duration of certain processes.
So in my example,
I could not only
measure when my lazy
loader was done,
but instead, how long it took to
load all my noncritical styles.
You can view all your
markers and durations
using performance.getentries.
They will contain
name, type, as well as
time stamps and durations.
Alternatively, you can use
DevTools performance time
line to inspect your markers.
The easiest way to do that is
to use the Entries panel to find
what you're looking for.
And that's it.
A small tool to help you make
performance driven decisions
when you're developing your app.
See you next time.
This was a
Supercharged MicroTip.
But did you know we
also do live streams?
And you can watch the most
recent one over there.
But more importantly, you
can subscribe to the channel
and watch other series
like [? Ally ?] Cast
or Totally Tooling tips,
and the best of them
all, more Supercharged.